###################creation purchase aggregated table

CREATE TABLE purchase_agg(

id                        INT(10) NOT NULL auto_increment,
st_bill_no                 DECIMAL(15,0),
st_branch_id                   DECIMAL(15,0),
st_voucher_time                DATETIME,
st_supplier_id            DECIMAL(15,0),
st_supplier_name               VARCHAR(50),
st_supplier_billno        DECIMAL(15,0),
st_gate_time                   DATETIME,
st_invoice1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
st_invoice2                    DECIMAL(15,0),
st_purchase_order              DECIMAL(15,0),
st_line_id                 DECIMAL(15,0),
st_sku_id                      VARCHAR(30),
st_sku_name                    VARCHAR(50),
st_store_id                    DECIMAL(15,0),
st_sku_price               DECIMAL(20,4),
st_sku_qty                     DECIMAL(15,0),
st_sku_unit                DECIMAL(15,0),
st_sku_qty1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
st_total                       DECIMAL(20,4),

pr_bill_no                 DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_branch_id                   DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_voucher_time                DATETIME,
pr_supplier_id            DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_supplier_name               VARCHAR(50),
pr_supplier_billno        DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_gate_time                   DATETIME,
pr_invoice1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_invoice2                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_purchase_order              DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_line_id                 DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_sku_id                      VARCHAR(30),
pr_sku_name                    VARCHAR(50),
pr_store_id                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_sku_price               DECIMAL(20,4),
pr_sku_qty                     DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_sku_unit                DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_sku_qty1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pr_total                       DECIMAL(20,4),

pi_bill_no                 DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_branch_id                   DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_voucher_time                DATETIME,
pi_supplier_id            DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_supplier_name               VARCHAR(50),
pi_supplier_billno        DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_gate_time                   DATETIME,
pi_invoice1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_invoice2                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_purchase_order              DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_line_id                 DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_sku_id                      VARCHAR(30),
pi_sku_name                    VARCHAR(50),
pi_store_id                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_sku_price               DECIMAL(20,4),
pi_sku_qty                     DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_sku_unit                DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_sku_qty1                    DECIMAL(15,0),
pi_total                       DECIMAL(20,4),

grn_bill_no                 DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_branch_id                  DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_voucher_time               DATETIME,
grn_supplier_id                DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_supplier_name              VARCHAR(50),
grn_supplier_billno       DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_gate_time                  DATETIME,
grn_invoice1                   DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_invoice2                   DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_purchase_order             DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_line_id                 DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_sku_id                          VARCHAR(30),
grn_sku_name                   VARCHAR(50),
grn_store_id                   DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_sku_price               DECIMAL(20,4),
grn_sku_qty                    DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_sku_unit                DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_sku_qty1                   DECIMAL(15,0),
grn_total                      DECIMAL(20,4),

lpo_bill_no                 DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_branch_id                  DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_voucher_time               DATETIME,
lpo_supplier_id                DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_supplier_name              VARCHAR(50),
lpo_supplier_billno       DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_gate_time                  DATETIME,
lpo_invoice1                   DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_invoice2                   DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_purchase_order             DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_line_id                 DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_sku_id                          VARCHAR(30),
lpo_sku_name                   VARCHAR(50),
lpo_store_id                   DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_sku_price               DECIMAL(20,4),
lpo_sku_qty                    DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_sku_unit                DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_sku_qty1                   DECIMAL(15,0),
lpo_total                      DECIMAL(20,4),
PRIMARY KEY (id)
);
 

######################purchase aggregated updation


INSERT INTO purchase_agg(
st_bill_no,
st_branch_id,
st_voucher_time,
st_supplier_id,
st_supplier_name,
st_supplier_billno,
st_gate_time,
st_invoice1,
st_invoice2,
st_purchase_order,
st_line_id,
st_sku_id,
st_sku_name,
st_store_id,
st_sku_price,
st_sku_qty,
st_sku_unit,
st_sku_qty1,
st_total,

pr_bill_no,
pr_branch_id,
pr_voucher_time,
pr_supplier_id,
pr_supplier_name,
pr_supplier_billno,
pr_gate_time,
pr_invoice1,
pr_invoice2,
pr_purchase_order,
pr_line_id,
pr_sku_id,
pr_sku_name,
pr_store_id,
pr_sku_price,
pr_sku_qty,
pr_sku_unit,
pr_sku_qty1,
pr_total,

pi_bill_no,
pi_branch_id,
pi_voucher_time,
pi_supplier_id,
pi_supplier_name,
pi_supplier_billno,
pi_gate_time,
pi_invoice1,
pi_invoice2,
pi_purchase_order,
pi_line_id,
pi_sku_id,
pi_sku_name,
pi_store_id,
pi_sku_price,
pi_sku_qty,
pi_sku_unit,
pi_sku_qty1,
pi_total,

grn_bill_no,
grn_branch_id,
grn_voucher_time,
grn_supplier_id,
grn_supplier_name,
grn_supplier_billno,
grn_gate_time,
grn_invoice1,
grn_invoice2,
grn_purchase_order,
grn_line_id,
grn_sku_id,
grn_sku_name,
grn_store_id,
grn_sku_price,
grn_sku_qty,
grn_sku_unit,
grn_sku_qty1,
grn_total,

lpo_bill_no,
lpo_branch_id ,
lpo_voucher_time,
lpo_supplier_id,
lpo_supplier_name,
lpo_supplier_billno,
lpo_gate_time,
lpo_invoice1,
lpo_invoice2,
lpo_purchase_order,
lpo_line_id,
lpo_sku_id,
lpo_sku_name,
lpo_store_id,
lpo_sku_price,
lpo_sku_qty,
lpo_sku_unit,
lpo_sku_qty1,
lpo_total 
)


SELECT 
     ST.BILNO,
     ST.BRANCHID,
     ST.VDATE,
     ST.SUPNO,
     ST.SUPNAME,
     ST.SUPBILL,
     ST.GATETIME,
     ST.INVOICE1,
     ST.INVOICE2,
     ST.PURCHASEORDER,
     ST.LINEID,
     ST.SKUID,
     ST.SKUNAME,
     ST.STOREID,
     ST.SKUPRICE,
     ST.SKUQTY,
     ST.SKUNIT,
     ST.SKUQTY1,
     ST.TOTAL,

     PR.BILNO,
     PR.BRANCHID,
     PR.VDATE,
     PR.SUPNO,
     PR.SUPNAME,
     PR.SUPBILL,
     PR.GATETIME,
     PR.INVOICE1,
     PR.INVOICE2,
     PR.PURCHASEORDER,
     PR.LINEID,
     PR.SKUID,
     PR.SKUNAME,
     PR.STOREID,
     PR.SKUPRICE,
     PR.SKUQTY,
     PR.SKUNIT,
     PR.SKUQTY1,
     PR.TOTAL,

     PI.BILNO,
     PI.BRANCHID,
     PI.VDATE,
     PI.SUPNO,
     PI.SUPNAME,
     PI.SUPBILL,
     PI.GATETIME,
     PI.INVOICE1,
     PI.INVOICE2,
     PI.PURCHASEORDER,
     PI.LINEID,
     PI.SKUID,
     PI.SKUNAME,
     PI.STOREID,
     PI.SKUPRICE,
     PI.SKUQTY,
     PI.SKUNIT,
     PI.SKUQTY1,
     PI.TOTAL,

     GRN.BILNO,
     GRN.BRANCHID,
     GRN.VDATE,
     GRN.SUPNO,
     GRN.SUPNAME,
     GRN.SUPBILL,
     GRN.GATETIME,
     GRN.INVOICE1,
     GRN.INVOICE2,
     GRN.PURCHASEORDER,
     GRN.LINEID,
     GRN.SKUID,
     GRN.SKUNAME,
     GRN.STOREID,
     GRN.SKUPRICE,
     GRN.SKUQTY,
     GRN.SKUNIT,
     GRN.SKUQTY1,
     GRN.TOTAL,

     LPO.BILNO,
     LPO.BRANCHID,
     LPO.VDATE,
     LPO.SUPNO,
     LPO.SUPNAME,
     LPO.SUPBILL,
     LPO.GATETIME,
     LPO.INVOICE1,
     LPO.INVOICE2,
     LPO.PURCHASEORDER,
     LPO.LINEID,
     LPO.SKUID,
     LPO.SKUNAME,
     LPO.STOREID,
     LPO.SKUPRICE,
     LPO.SKUQTY,
     LPO.SKUNIT,
     LPO.SKUQTY1,
     LPO.TOTAL
          FROM
          
               (SELECT    
               GRN2.BILL_NO            BILNO,
               GRN2.BRANCH_ID          BRANCHID,
               GRN1.VOUCHER_TIME       VDATE,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID        SUPNO,
               SUP.NAME               SUPNAME,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_BILLNO    SUPBILL,
               GRN1.GATE_TIME          GATETIME,
               GRN1.INV1               INVOICE1,
               GRN1.INV2                  INVOICE2,
               GRN1.PUR_ORDER          PURCHASEORDER,
               GRN2.LINE_ID            LINEID,
               GRN2.SKU               SKUID,
               SKU.SKU_NAME           SKUNAME,
               GRN2.STORE_ID           STOREID,
               GRN2.SKU_PRICE          SKUPRICE,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY            SKUQTY,
               GRN2.SKU_UNIT           SKUNIT,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY1           SKUQTY1,
               GRN2.TOTAL              TOTAL

          FROM ERP_RECEIPT_DETAILS GRN2
          LEFT JOIN ERP_RECEIPT_HEADER GRN1 ON GRN1.TRANS_CODE = GRN2.TRANS_CODE
                                                    AND GRN1.BRANCH_ID = GRN2.BRANCH_ID 
                                                    AND GRN1.BILL_NO = GRN2.BILL_NO
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SUPPLIERS SUP   ON SUP.ID = GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SKUs SKU        ON SKU.ID = GRN2.SKU

          WHERE GRN1.TRANS_CODE = 11) LPO
     LEFT JOIN 
          (SELECT 
               GRN2.BILL_NO            BILNO,
               GRN2.BRANCH_ID          BRANCHID,
               GRN1.VOUCHER_TIME       VDATE,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID        SUPNO,
               SUP.NAME               SUPNAME,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_BILLNO    SUPBILL,
               GRN1.GATE_TIME          GATETIME,
               GRN1.INV1               INVOICE1,
               GRN1.INV2                  INVOICE2,
               GRN1.PUR_ORDER          PURCHASEORDER,
               GRN2.LINE_ID            LINEID,
               GRN2.SKU               SKUID,
               SKU.SKU_NAME           SKUNAME,
               GRN2.STORE_ID           STOREID,
               GRN2.SKU_PRICE          SKUPRICE,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY            SKUQTY,
               GRN2.SKU_UNIT           SKUNIT,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY1           SKUQTY1,
               GRN2.TOTAL              TOTAL

          FROM ERP_RECEIPT_DETAILS GRN2
          LEFT JOIN ERP_RECEIPT_HEADER GRN1 ON GRN1.TRANS_CODE = GRN2.TRANS_CODE
                                                    AND GRN1.BRANCH_ID = GRN2.BRANCH_ID 
                                                    AND GRN1.BILL_NO = GRN2.BILL_NO
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SUPPLIERS SUP   ON SUP.ID = GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SKUs SKU        ON SKU.ID = GRN2.SKU

          WHERE GRN1.TRANS_CODE = 81) ST
          ON   LPO.PURCHASEORDER = ST.BILNO
          AND LPO.BRANCHID = ST.BRANCHID
          AND LPO.SKUID = ST.SKUID
    LEFT JOIN 
          (SELECT    
               GRN2.BILL_NO            BILNO,
               GRN2.BRANCH_ID          BRANCHID,
               GRN1.VOUCHER_TIME       VDATE,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID        SUPNO,
               SUP.NAME               SUPNAME,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_BILLNO    SUPBILL,
               GRN1.GATE_TIME          GATETIME,
               GRN1.INV1               INVOICE1,
               GRN1.INV2                  INVOICE2,
               GRN1.PUR_ORDER          PURCHASEORDER,
               GRN2.LINE_ID            LINEID,
               GRN2.SKU               SKUID,
               SKU.SKU_NAME           SKUNAME,
               GRN2.STORE_ID           STOREID,
               GRN2.SKU_PRICE          SKUPRICE,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY            SKUQTY,
               GRN2.SKU_UNIT           SKUNIT,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY1           SKUQTY1,
               GRN2.TOTAL              TOTAL

          FROM ERP_RECEIPT_DETAILS GRN2
          LEFT JOIN ERP_RECEIPT_HEADER GRN1 ON GRN1.TRANS_CODE = GRN2.TRANS_CODE
                                                    AND GRN1.BRANCH_ID = GRN2.BRANCH_ID 
                                                    AND GRN1.BILL_NO = GRN2.BILL_NO
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SUPPLIERS SUP   ON SUP.ID = GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SKUs SKU        ON SKU.ID = GRN2.SKU

          WHERE GRN1.TRANS_CODE = 3) GRN
          ON   LPO.PURCHASEORDER = GRN.BILNO
          AND LPO.BRANCHID = GRN.BRANCHID
          AND LPO.SKUID = GRN.SKUID

    LEFT JOIN 
          (SELECT    
               GRN2.BILL_NO            BILNO,
               GRN2.BRANCH_ID          BRANCHID,
               GRN1.VOUCHER_TIME       VDATE,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID        SUPNO,
               SUP.NAME               SUPNAME,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_BILLNO    SUPBILL,
               GRN1.GATE_TIME          GATETIME,
               GRN1.INV1               INVOICE1,
               GRN1.INV2                  INVOICE2,
               GRN1.PUR_ORDER          PURCHASEORDER,
               GRN2.LINE_ID            LINEID,
               GRN2.SKU               SKUID,
               SKU.SKU_NAME           SKUNAME,
               GRN2.STORE_ID           STOREID,
               GRN2.SKU_PRICE          SKUPRICE,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY            SKUQTY,
               GRN2.SKU_UNIT           SKUNIT,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY1           SKUQTY1,
               GRN2.TOTAL              TOTAL

          FROM ERP_RECEIPT_DETAILS GRN2
          LEFT JOIN ERP_RECEIPT_HEADER GRN1 ON GRN1.TRANS_CODE = GRN2.TRANS_CODE
                                                    AND GRN1.BRANCH_ID = GRN2.BRANCH_ID 
                                                    AND GRN1.BILL_NO = GRN2.BILL_NO
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SUPPLIERS SUP   ON SUP.ID = GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SKUs SKU        ON SKU.ID = GRN2.SKU

          WHERE GRN1.TRANS_CODE = 2) PR
          ON   LPO.PURCHASEORDER = PR.BILNO
          AND LPO.BRANCHID = PR.BRANCHID
          AND LPO.SKUID = PR.SKUID

    LEFT JOIN 
          (SELECT    
               GRN2.BILL_NO            BILNO,
               GRN2.BRANCH_ID          BRANCHID,
               GRN1.VOUCHER_TIME       VDATE,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID        SUPNO,
               SUP.NAME               SUPNAME,
               GRN1.SUPPLIER_BILLNO    SUPBILL,
               GRN1.GATE_TIME          GATETIME,
               GRN1.INV1               INVOICE1,
               GRN1.INV2                  INVOICE2,
               GRN1.PUR_ORDER          PURCHASEORDER,
               GRN2.LINE_ID            LINEID,
               GRN2.SKU               SKUID,
               SKU.SKU_NAME           SKUNAME,
               GRN2.STORE_ID           STOREID,
               GRN2.SKU_PRICE          SKUPRICE,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY            SKUQTY,
               GRN2.SKU_UNIT           SKUNIT,
               GRN2.SKU_QTY1           SKUQTY1,
               GRN2.TOTAL              TOTAL

          FROM ERP_RECEIPT_DETAILS GRN2
          LEFT JOIN ERP_RECEIPT_HEADER GRN1 ON GRN1.TRANS_CODE = GRN2.TRANS_CODE
                                                    AND GRN1.BRANCH_ID = GRN2.BRANCH_ID 
                                                    AND GRN1.BILL_NO = GRN2.BILL_NO
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SUPPLIERS SUP   ON SUP.ID = GRN1.SUPPLIER_ID
          INNER JOIN     ERP_SKUs SKU        ON SKU.ID = GRN2.SKU

          WHERE GRN1.TRANS_CODE = 1) PI 
          ON   LPO.PURCHASEORDER = PI.BILNO
          AND LPO.BRANCHID = PI.BRANCHID
          AND LPO.SKUID = PI.SKUID;